We thank the reviewer for their time and their comments on our manuscript.
Below please find responses to the comments provided. All changed made between
this manuscript revision and the previous revision have been boldfaced.

1. [Reviewer Comment]
	I found it difficult to extract the convective turnover time scale from the
	paper by Käpylä 2021. Also, I think this is an odd choice for a reference
	as it doesn't deal with a 'real' stellar model but one with much higher
	diffusivities that are required for numerical reasons, which lead to a very
	short Kelvin-Helmholtz time scale (~375 years, compared to ~500 million
	years for a realistic stellar model). It isn't clear whether the authors
	have done the necessary scaling to get the 'real' convective turnover time
	scale. A better source for the convective turnover time scale is figure 12
	in the Jermyn et al. paper that the authors refer to in their Response to
	the referee. The authors should replace Käpylä 2021 with Jermyn et al. and
	clearly state that what is shown in Figure 12 in the Jermyn et al. is the
	average over the convection zone.
   [Response]
	We have updated the text to reference Jermyn et al 2021. We note that we
	did scale values to obtain real convective turnover times from Käpylä 2021,
	and have verified via private communication with Käpylä that we did that
	scaling correctly.

2. [Reviewer Comment]
	On page 7, line 389, in the context of how the location of the Jao Gap
	depends on the value of the mixing length parameter, the authors state
	'This is somewhat surprising given the long established view that the
	mixing length parameter is of little relevance in fully convective stars
	(Baraffe et al. 1997).' Presumably this view is based on fully convective
	stars being very close to fully adiabatic. Although the temperature
	difference between models is small (16 K), it is not insignificant because
	the of the strong dependence of bolometric corrections on the effective
	temperature. The authors should give a physical reason for the temperature
	difference. I think that is likely due to small deviations from perfect
	adiabaticity in the regions below the atmosphere, where the difference
	between the structural and adiabatic gradients is order 0.001.
   [Response]
	We have investigated the adiabatic and radiative temperature gradients in
	two, 0.3 solar mass, models. One model uses a solar calibrated mixing
	length while the other uses the lower 1.5 mixing length. These models show
	the reported 16K effective temperature difference. The referee is correct
	that we find that both the adiabatic and radiative temperature gradients,
	just below the surface of the models, are slightly steeper in the solar
	calibrated mixing length model. Text to this effect has been added to the
	manuscript.

3. [Reviewer Comment]
	In their Response to the referee, the authors mention that MESA now
	includes time-dependent convection and include figures which compare TDC
	results with standard MLT results. What these figures show is that standard
	MLT is appropriate for modeling of low mass stars, which is not surprising
	as the evolution time scales are very long compared to dynamical time
	scales. They have nothing to do with the differences that result from
	choice of mixing treatment, i.e. instantaneous v. diffusive, which remains
	an unanswered question.
   [Response]
    We appreciate the referee's final comment.  Since none of this material
    regarding MESA's time dependent convection was included in the paper, we do
    not make any changes to the paper relating to this comment.


[Misc Changes]
 - The Magnitude axis on figure 8 has been inverted.
 - The reviewer has been added to the acknowledgments of the paper.

